[new-product]: policy-controller (#6042)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: policy-controller.md

---
title: policy-controller
category: server-app
tags: go kubernetes
permalink: /policy-controller
releasePolicyLink: https://github.com/sigstore/policy-controller#support-policy
releaseDateColumn: true
eolColumn: false

identifiers:
  - purl: pkg:github/sigstore/policy-controller

>   - repology: sigstore

Reviewer: This seems like the package for sigstore-python in homebrew only at this point:
```suggestion
```
https://repology.org/project/sigstore/information

This will very likely be installed as a container image, so we should include those in the identifers. I could find the following relevant images:

- The [official](https://github.com/sigstore/policy-controller/pkgs/container/policy-controller%2Fpolicy-controller))
- https://hub.docker.com/r/chainguard/sigstore-policy-controller
- https://images.chainguard.dev/directory/image/sigstore-policy-controller-fips/versions
- https://images.chainguard.dev/directory/image/sigstore-policy-controller/versions

Author: updated as requested

auto:
  methods:
    - github_releases: sigstore/policy-controller

# eol(x) = release(x+1)
releases:
  - releaseCycle: "0.10"
    releaseDate: 2024-07-08
    eol: false
    latest: "0.10.0"
    latestReleaseDate: 2024-07-08

  - releaseCycle: "0.9"
    releaseDate: 2024-04-14
    eol: false
    latest: "0.9.0"
    latestReleaseDate: 2024-04-14

  - releaseCycle: "0.8"
    releaseDate: 2024-01-23
    eol: false
    latest: "0.8.4"
    latestReleaseDate: 2024-01-23

  - releaseCycle: "0.8"
    releaseDate: 2023-11-07
    eol: false
    latest: "0.8.3"
    latestReleaseDate: 2024-01-23

  - releaseCycle: "0.8"
    releaseDate: 2023-08-10
    eol: false
    latest: "0.8.2"
    latestReleaseDate: 2024-01-23

  - releaseCycle: "0.8"
    releaseDate: 2023-07-13
    eol: false
    latest: "0.8.1"
    latestReleaseDate: 2024-01-23

  - releaseCycle: "0.8"
    releaseDate: 2023-06-20
    eol: false
    latest: "0.8.0"
    latestReleaseDate: 2024-01-23
---

> [policy-controller](https://github.com/sigstore/policy-controller) The policy-controller admission controller can be used to enforce policy on a Kubernetes cluster based on verifiable supply-chain metadata from cosign.

> We are intending to move to a monthly cadence for minor releases. Minor releases will be published around the beginning of the month. We may cut a patch release instead, if the changes are small enough not to warrant a minor release. We will also cut patch releases periodically as needed to address bugs.

Reviewer: All descriptions should use a neutral third-person voice, something like:

```suggestion
The project is planning to move to a monthly cadence for minor releases, which will be
published near the month start. A patch release might be made instead if
the changes are small enough.
```

Author: Updated as suggested
